todo.md, before:

# TODO

- pong game:
  - trailing particles behind ball
  - scaleable windowed mode: https://community.monogame.net/t/handling-user-controlled-window-resizing/7828
    - keeping aspect ratio
    - free aspect ratio mode?
    - refactor Window stuff to Window-class
  - powerups:
    - requires Timer-class to handle boost-lifespan? store effects globally or by per paddle/ball?
    - speedboost to paddle
    - multiple balls
    - smaller balls
    - speedball that vanishes after hitting either side of wall.
  - make ball go in the direction the paddle hit it, as in changing it's direction slightly.
- gamepad input / controller support. https://docs.monogame.net/api/Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.html
- text input it bit slow, can't press next key before letting go of last to register next one.
- ball is not going all the way down and all the way up on screen before it turns

- UI elements
  - menu buttons
    - allow using keyboard & gamepad to select (WASD or arrow keys to navigate, ESC to go back, Enter to select)
    - allow using mouse to select (Pressing buttons does the action)
   
- custom font

Commit message:

refactor window logic to own class, added Pacman game project

todo.md, after:

# TODO

refactor: 
- window logic to own class.

- pacman:
  - tilemap: TileMap to manage tiles and calling their functions.
    - tiles Tile -class
      - contains own Render() and Update() methods.

- pong game:
  - fix: particles are now from the whole texture, they should be from the area the ball sprite is.
  - trailing particles behind ball
  - scaleable windowed mode: https://community.monogame.net/t/handling-user-controlled-window-resizing/7828
    - keeping aspect ratio
    - free aspect ratio mode?
    - refactor Window stuff to Window-class
  - powerups:
    - requires Timer-class to handle boost-lifespan? store effects globally or by per paddle/ball?
    - speedboost to paddle
    - multiple balls
    - smaller balls
    - speedball that vanishes after hitting either side of wall.
  - make ball go in the direction the paddle hit it, as in changing it's direction slightly.
- gamepad input / controller support. https://docs.monogame.net/api/Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.html
- text input it bit slow, can't press next key before letting go of last to register next one.
- ball is not going all the way down and all the way up on screen before it turns

- UI elements
  - menu buttons
    - allow using keyboard & gamepad to select (WASD or arrow keys to navigate, ESC to go back, Enter to select)
    - allow using mouse to select (Pressing buttons does the action)
   
- custom font
